I'm sorry.
Grandfather.
- It's Bora.
- What. what? What?
She said Kitty called our restaurant
and used a fake voice
to ask if we had a birthday party
booked on Saturday night.
This morning I "accidentally" left
a sky-diving brochure
in the girls' common room.
Dae. thank you for helping me
catch up on my studies.
I might actually get into uni.
Hey. are you okay? Is something wrong?
You texted 911!
I meant SOS911. the girl group.
Soo-jin called me.
They got into a huge fight with your dad.
Sounds like him. but…
I told the girls
everything you did for me.
Now they want you to be their new manager.
You do this. your dad's gonna have
to hold himself from fainting.
It would be fun to mess with his head.
but you and I are just getting started
with our music stuff.
I still haven't told my dad
I'm not pursuing engineering.
Just because my career is over
doesn't mean yours should be too.
Who's this?
This is Alex. we work together.
He's going to be my baby's father.
Grandma…
I'm pregnant.
What?
Oh my God!
Are you trying
to send me out of this world?
You're just determined. aren't you?
Just determined.
I thought you wanted
to go to Seoul for work.
If you were just going
to meet a man and start a family.
you could have stayed in Bukjeon!
I just wanted
to find someone I loved on my own.
Is that so wrong?
Oh. I see.
You don't need me anymore!
Grandma…
I need you more than ever now.
We're both matchmakers.
They're a perfect couple!
Alex will take care of Jiwon.
just like you always have.
Oh my. you speak so well.
You're all grown up.
I really
love Jiwon.
And I would really love for us all
to become a family.
What a handsome chin.
Okay.
It's good!
It turned out really well.
Thanks for helping me.
I told my dad I'm pursuing music.
Really?
What'd he say?
He said he spent his whole life
working at a job he hated
and doesn't want that for me.
He would be proud of me
if I spent my life doing what I love.
That's all I ever wanted
to hear from my dad.
He'll come around.
Maybe he will. maybe he won't.
I keep thinking about
what Kitty said to me…
About what I really want for myself.
I've been too focused on
what others expect of me.
Maybe I want to pursue something I love.
Gotta go.
Good luck!